JACQUELINE ALEMANI. JOE AND MIKA ARE OFF THIS
JOE AND MIKA ARE OFF THIS MORNING.
MORNING. JOE IS TENDING TO THE FUNERAL OF
JOE IS TENDING TO THE FUNERAL OF HIS MOTHER AS YOU HEARD HERE.
HIS MOTHER AS YOU HEARD HERE. >>> KEY PEOPLE, WHO ALONG WITH
>>> KEY PEOPLE, WHO ALONG WITH DON JR. SIGNED OFF ON A CHECK
DON JR. SIGNED OFF ON A CHECK REIMBURSING MICHAEL COHEN FOR
REIMBURSING MICHAEL COHEN FOR PAYING OFF STORMY DANIELS.
PAYING OFF STORMY DANIELS. THE GENERAL SERVICES COMMITTEE
THE GENERAL SERVICES COMMITTEE HOLDS THE LEASE FOR THE BUILDING
HOLDS THE LEASE FOR THE BUILDING THAT HOUSES THE TRUMP HOTEL IN
THAT HOUSES THE TRUMP HOTEL IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. THE NRA RECEIVED A DOCUMENT
THE NRA RECEIVED A DOCUMENT REQUEST, AS WELL AS THE
REQUEST, AS WELL AS THE "NATIONAL ENQUIRER."
"NATIONAL ENQUIRER." COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN JERRY NADLER
COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN JERRY NADLER SAID THE INITIAL REQUEST FOR
SAID THE INITIAL REQUEST FOR DOCUMENTS ARE LIMITED TO THOSE
DOCUMENTS ARE LIMITED TO THOSE THAT ALREADY HAVE BEEN SUBMITTED
THAT ALREADY HAVE BEEN SUBMITTED TO THE SPECIAL COUNSEL, THE
TO THE SPECIAL COUNSEL, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK OR
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK OR OR CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES.
OR CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES. THE CHAIRMAN EXPLAINED WHAT SETS
THE CHAIRMAN EXPLAINED WHAT SETS HIS INVESTIGATION APART.
HIS INVESTIGATION APART. >> OUR JOB IS VERY DIFFERENT
>> OUR JOB IS VERY DIFFERENT FROM OTHER LAW ENFORCEMENT
FROM OTHER LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES.
AGENCIES. THE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR HAS A
THE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR HAS A SPECIFIC MANNEDDATE TO INVESTIGA
SPECIFIC MANNEDDATE TO INVESTIGA ONLY THE RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN
ONLY THE RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN THE ELECTION OR POSSIBLE
THE ELECTION OR POSSIBLE COLLUSION OR INTERFERENCE AND TO
COLLUSION OR INTERFERENCE AND TO LOOK AT CRIMES.
LOOK AT CRIMES. THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK ONLY LOOKS AT CRIMES.
YORK ONLY LOOKS AT CRIMES. OUR JOB IS TO PROTECT THE RULE
OUR JOB IS TO PROTECT THE RULE OF LAW IN THIS COUNTRY AND THAT
OF LAW IN THIS COUNTRY AND THAT MEANS WE HAVE TO LOOK AT THE
MEANS WE HAVE TO LOOK AT THE THREE MAJOR THREATS TO THE RULE
THREE MAJOR THREATS TO THE RULE OF LAW THAT WE HAVE SEEN AND
OF LAW THAT WE HAVE SEEN AND THAT IS CORRUPTION, PERSONAL
THAT IS CORRUPTION, PERSONAL ENRICHMENT AND VIOLATION OF THE
ENRICHMENT AND VIOLATION OF THE EMOLUMENTS LAW, ABUSE OF POWER,
EMOLUMENTS LAW, ABUSE OF POWER, ATTACKS ON THE PRESS, ATTACKS ON
ATTACKS ON THE PRESS, ATTACKS ON THE JUDICIARY, ATTACKS ON LAW
THE JUDICIARY, ATTACKS ON LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. >> ARE YOU GOING TO COOPERATE
>> ARE YOU GOING TO COOPERATE WITH MR. NADLER?
WITH MR. NADLER? >> I COOPERATE ALL THE TIME WITH
>> I COOPERATE ALL THE TIME WITH EVERYBODY.
EVERYBODY. UP KNOW THE BEAUTIFUL THING?
UP KNOW THE BEAUTIFUL THING? NO COLLUSION, IT’S ALL A HOAX.
NO COLLUSION, IT’S ALL A HOAX. YOU’RE GOING TO LEARN ABOUT THAT
YOU’RE GOING TO LEARN ABOUT THAT AS YOU GROW OLDER.
AS YOU GROW OLDER. IT’S A POLITICAL HOKS.AX.
IT’S A POLITICAL HOKS.AX. >> BOTH THE WHITE HOUSE AND THE
>> BOTH THE WHITE HOUSE AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN RELEASED
TRUMP CAMPAIGN RELEASED STATEMENTS IN RESPONSE TO THE
STATEMENTS IN RESPONSE TO THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE’S NEW
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE’S NEW INVESTIGATION INTO POTENTIAL
INVESTIGATION INTO POTENTIAL ABUSES.
ABUSES. LAST NIGHT SARAH HUCKABEE
LAST NIGHT SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS RELEASED A STATEMENT
SANDERS RELEASED A STATEMENT THAT READS IN PART "CHAIRMAN
THAT READS IN PART "CHAIRMAN NADLER AND HIS FELLOW DEMOCRATS
NADLER AND HIS FELLOW DEMOCRATS HAVE EMBARKED ON THIS FISHING
HAVE EMBARKED ON THIS FISHING EXPEDITION BECAUSE THEY’RE
EXPEDITION BECAUSE THEY’RE TERRIFIED THAT THEIR TWO-YEAR
TERRIFIED THAT THEIR TWO-YEAR FALSE NARRATIVE OF RUSSIA
FALSE NARRATIVE OF RUSSIA COLLUSION IS TUMBLING.
COLLUSION IS TUMBLING. THEIR INTIMIDATION AND ABUSE OF
THEIR INTIMIDATION AND ABUSE OF AMERICAN CITIZENS IS SHAMEFUL.
AMERICAN CITIZENS IS SHAMEFUL. DEMOCRATS ARE HARASSING THE
DEMOCRATS ARE HARASSING THE PRESIDENT TO DISTRACT FROM THEIR
PRESIDENT TO DISTRACT FROM THEIR RADICAL AGENDA OF MAKING AMERICA
RADICAL AGENDA OF MAKING AMERICA A SOCIALIST COUNTRY.
A SOCIALIST COUNTRY. SHE WENT ON TO SAY THE DEMOCRATS
SHE WENT ON TO SAY THE DEMOCRATS ARE MORE INTERESTED IN PATHETIC
ARE MORE INTERESTED IN PATHETIC POLITICAL GAMES AND CATERING TO
POLITICAL GAMES AND CATERING TO A RADICAL LEFTIST BASE THAN ON
A RADICAL LEFTIST BASE THAN ON PRODUCING RESULTS FOR OUR
PRODUCING RESULTS FOR OUR CITIZENS.
CITIZENS. THE DEMOCRATS ARE NOT AFTER THE
THE DEMOCRATS ARE NOT AFTER THE TRUTH, THEY ARE AFTER THE
TRUTH, THEY ARE AFTER THE PRESIDENT."
PRESIDENT." AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN RELEASED
AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN RELEASED A SIMILAR STATEMENT.
A SIMILAR STATEMENT. THE WHITE HOUSE CONFERENCE
THE WHITE HOUSE CONFERENCE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THEY NEED
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THEY NEED LEGITIMATE REASONS.
LEGITIMATE REASONS. SOME MAY PRODUCE CLASHES WITH
SOME MAY PRODUCE CLASHES WITH THE ADMINISTRATION OVER
THE ADMINISTRATION OVER EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGES.
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGES. YOU HAVE OVER 80 LETTERS.
YOU HAVE OVER 80 LETTERS. SWEEPING DOESN’T BEGIN TO COVER
SWEEPING DOESN’T BEGIN TO COVER WHAT NADLER AND THE OTHER
WHAT NADLER AND THE OTHER COMMITTEE HEADS ARE PREPARING TO
COMMITTEE HEADS ARE PREPARING TO DO HERE.
DO HERE. SOME SAY AND CRITICS SAY THIS IS
SOME SAY AND CRITICS SAY THIS IS TOO MUCH, THAT IT’S OVERREACH,
TOO MUCH, THAT IT’S OVERREACH, THAT IT’S NOT THE MANDATE OF THE
THAT IT’S NOT THE MANDATE OF THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, IT’S NOT
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, IT’S NOT THE MANDATE OF THESE COMMITTEES
THE MANDATE OF THESE COMMITTEES AND ALL THEY’RE TRYING TO DO IS
AND ALL THEY’RE TRYING TO DO IS GUM UP THIS PRESIDENCY AND TO
GUM UP THIS PRESIDENCY AND TO TIE UP THE PRESIDENT AND TO HURT
TIE UP THE PRESIDENT AND TO HURT HIS CHANCES TO BECOME ELECTED IN
HIS CHANCES TO BECOME ELECTED IN 2020.
2020. >> THE NUMBER IS STAGGERING, 80,
>> THE NUMBER IS STAGGERING, 80, 81 SUBMISSIONS, EVEN IF IT WERE
81 SUBMISSIONS, EVEN IF IT WERE HALF THAT.
HALF THAT. YOU WOULD THINK FROM THE OUTSIDE
YOU WOULD THINK FROM THE OUTSIDE LOOKING IN THAT THIS MEANS THE
LOOKING IN THAT THIS MEANS THE END REALLY OF THE DAY-TO-DAY
END REALLY OF THE DAY-TO-DAY OPERATION OF THE TRUMP
OPERATION OF THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. THEY ARE GOING TO BE SO TIED UP
THEY ARE GOING TO BE SO TIED UP IN RESPONDING AND REACTING TO
IN RESPONDING AND REACTING TO THESE REQUESTS INTERNALLY IN THE
THESE REQUESTS INTERNALLY IN THE WHITE HOUSE THAT YOU CAN’T SEE
WHITE HOUSE THAT YOU CAN’T SEE GIVEN STAFF THAT DOES NOT GET
GIVEN STAFF THAT DOES NOT GET EXACTLY HIGH MARKS TO BEGIN WITH
EXACTLY HIGH MARKS TO BEGIN WITH AND THE THINNESS OF THE STAFF,
AND THE THINNESS OF THE STAFF, SO MANY PEOPLE HAVE DEPARTED,
SO MANY PEOPLE HAVE DEPARTED, HOW DO THEY FUNCTION, JONATHAN,
HOW DO THEY FUNCTION, JONATHAN, ON A DAY-TO-DAY BASIS WITH ALL
ON A DAY-TO-DAY BASIS WITH ALL OF THIS HANGING OVER THEIR
OF THIS HANGING OVER THEIR HEADS?
HEADS? >> THEY HAVE HIRED SOME NEW
>> THEY HAVE HIRED SOME NEW ATTORNEYS AND STAFFED UP TO SOME
ATTORNEYS AND STAFFED UP TO SOME DEGREE.
DEGREE. ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES.
ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES. THIS IS THE MOMENT THE WHITE
THIS IS THE MOMENT THE WHITE HOUSE HAS STARTED TO PREPARE FOR
HOUSE HAS STARTED TO PREPARE FOR SINCE THAT DAY IN NOVEMBER WHEN
SINCE THAT DAY IN NOVEMBER WHEN THE DEMOCRATS TOOK CONTROL OF
THE DEMOCRATS TOOK CONTROL OF THE HOUSE.
THE HOUSE. THE COHEN HEARING WAS THE HOPING
THE COHEN HEARING WAS THE HOPING ACT AND SORT OF LAID OUT A ROAD
ACT AND SORT OF LAID OUT A ROAD MAP OF WHAT’S COMING.
MAP OF WHAT’S COMING. UP TOED ON ALL THE
UP TOED ON ALL THE TOUCHED ON ALL THE DIFFERENT
TOUCHED ON ALL THE DIFFERENT ASPECTS OF THE PRESIDENT’S LIFE,
ASPECTS OF THE PRESIDENT’S LIFE, HIS BUSINESS AND WITH THE
HIS BUSINESS AND WITH THE SUBPOENA GO AFTER THE TRUMP
SUBPOENA GO AFTER THE TRUMP ORBIT, NOT JUST THE PRESIDENCY
ORBIT, NOT JUST THE PRESIDENCY AND THE ADMINISTRATION BUT
AND THE ADMINISTRATION BUT EVERYTHING THAT’S BECOME PRIOR
EVERYTHING THAT’S BECOME PRIOR TO THIS.
TO THIS. THE PRESIDENT WAS RELATIVELY
THE PRESIDENT WAS RELATIVELY RELAXED IN THAT RESPONSE.
RELAXED IN THAT RESPONSE. ACCORDING TO OUR REPORTING, IT’S
ACCORDING TO OUR REPORTING, IT’S A VERY DIFFERENT PICTURE BEHIND
A VERY DIFFERENT PICTURE BEHIND CLOSED DOORS.
CLOSED DOORS. HE IS DEEPLY FRUSTRATING WITH
HE IS DEEPLY FRUSTRATING WITH WHAT’S COMING, THE FAILURE OF
WHAT’S COMING, THE FAILURE OF THE HANOI SUMMIT TO REACH AN
THE HANOI SUMMIT TO REACH AN AGREEMENT AND THIS IS GOING TO
AGREEMENT AND THIS IS GOING TO BOG DOWN THE DAY-TO-DAY
BOG DOWN THE DAY-TO-DAY OPERATIONS OF THIS WHITE HOUSE.
OPERATIONS OF THIS WHITE HOUSE. WE’RE SEEING SOME OF THAT
WE’RE SEEING SOME OF THAT FRUSTRATION COME OUT THROUGH
FRUSTRATION COME OUT THROUGH TWITTER BUT THIS IS A WEST WING
TWITTER BUT THIS IS A WEST WING NOW THAT IS GOING TO BE UNDER
NOW THAT IS GOING TO BE UNDER SIEGE.
SIEGE. >> TOM, THIS IS AS JONATHAN SAID
>> TOM, THIS IS AS JONATHAN SAID PRECISELY WHAT DEMOCRATS
PRECISELY WHAT DEMOCRATS PROMISED, IF THEY WON, WE’RE
PROMISED, IF THEY WON, WE’RE GOING TO INVESTIGATE.
GOING TO INVESTIGATE. JERRY NADLER SAID THIS IS
JERRY NADLER SAID THIS IS EXACTLY OUR MANDATE, WHICH IS
EXACTLY OUR MANDATE, WHICH IS OVERSIGHT OF THE REPUBLICANS,
OVERSIGHT OF THE REPUBLICANS, OVERSIGHT OF THE GOVERNMENT.
OVERSIGHT OF THE GOVERNMENT. >> THIS IS SOMETHING RASPBERRYEP
>> THIS IS SOMETHING RASPBERRYEP SHOULD HAVE BEEN DOING OVER THE
SHOULD HAVE BEEN DOING OVER THE LAST TWO YEARS.
LAST TWO YEARS. WE’VE SIMPLY GOTTEN OVERWHELMED.
WE’VE SIMPLY GOTTEN OVERWHELMED. IF THIS IS A FISHING EXPEDITION
IF THIS IS A FISHING EXPEDITION WE HAVE TO TAKE A LINE FROM
WE HAVE TO TAKE A LINE FROM "JAWS," YOU’RE GOING TO NEED A
"JAWS," YOU’RE GOING TO NEED A BIGGER BOAT BECAUSE THERE’S
BIGGER BOAT BECAUSE THERE’S GOING TO BE A LOT OF FISH AND
GOING TO BE A LOT OF FISH AND THERE’S A LOT TO LOOK AT HERE.
THERE’S A LOT TO LOOK AT HERE. ANY ONE OF THESE COULD HAVE BEEN
ANY ONE OF THESE COULD HAVE BEEN A MAJOR CONGRESSIONAL
A MAJOR CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATION BUT THE
INVESTIGATION BUT THE REPUBLICANS MANAGED TO STIFF ARM
REPUBLICANS MANAGED TO STIFF ARM THESE, ELECTIONS HAVE
THESE, ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES, THIS IS SOMETHING
CONSEQUENCES, THIS IS SOMETHING THE DEMOCRATS SAID THEY WOULD DO
THE DEMOCRATS SAID THEY WOULD DO AND THEY’RE DOING IT AS THEY
AND THEY’RE DOING IT AS THEY PROMISED.
PROMISED. >> WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR THE
>> WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR THE DAY-TO-DAY OPERATIONS FOR THE
DAY-TO-DAY OPERATIONS FOR THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT?
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT? THIS IS GOING TO BE A FULL-TIME
THIS IS GOING TO BE A FULL-TIME JOB FOR THIS WHITE HOUSE TO
JOB FOR THIS WHITE HOUSE TO PRODUCE THE DOCUMENTS, TO MANAGE
PRODUCE THE DOCUMENTS, TO MANAGE THE PUSHBACK ON IT.
THE PUSHBACK ON IT. THIS IS GOING TO TAKE US THROUGH
THIS IS GOING TO TAKE US THROUGH AND INTO THE CAMPAIGN.
AND INTO THE CAMPAIGN. >> I WOULD SUGGEST THIS IS VERY
>> I WOULD SUGGEST THIS IS VERY DIFFERENT IN SOME WAYS THAN THE
DIFFERENT IN SOME WAYS THAN THE MESSAGE THAT MANY DEMOCRATS RAN
MESSAGE THAT MANY DEMOCRATS RAN ON AND WON ON IN MANY OF THESE
ON AND WON ON IN MANY OF THESE SWNG DISTRICT
SWNG DISTRICT SWING DISTRICTS.
SWING DISTRICTS. WE DISAGREE WITH THE PRESIDENT,
WE DISAGREE WITH THE PRESIDENT, WE WANT TO WORK WITH HIM AND
WE WANT TO WORK WITH HIM AND HOLD HIM ACCOUNTABLE, WHICH IS
HOLD HIM ACCOUNTABLE, WHICH IS VERY DIFFERENT FROM WE WANT TO
VERY DIFFERENT FROM WE WANT TO STOP THIS ADMINISTRATION FROM
STOP THIS ADMINISTRATION FROM DOING ANYTHING.
DOING ANYTHING. REPUBLICANS WERE TELLING VOTERS
REPUBLICANS WERE TELLING VOTERS IF YOU WANT YOUR GOVERNMENT TO
IF YOU WANT YOUR GOVERNMENT TO FUNCTION, LEAVE US IN POWER, AT
FUNCTION, LEAVE US IN POWER, AT LEAST THERE WILL BE A MINIMAL
LEAST THERE WILL BE A MINIMAL LEVEL OF FUNCTIONING.
LEVEL OF FUNCTIONING. TO THE, TENT THIS GIVES TRUMP
TO THE, TENT THIS GIVES TRUMP THE ABILITY TO SAY, HEY, IF YOU
THE ABILITY TO SAY, HEY, IF YOU DON’T LIKE WHAT THE GOVERNMENT
DON’T LIKE WHAT THE GOVERNMENT IS DOING, IT’S BECAUSE I’M
IS DOING, IT’S BECAUSE I’M DEALING WITH ALL OF THESE
DEALING WITH ALL OF THESE REQUESTS.
REQUESTS. IT FURTHER MAKES HIM THE VICTIM.
IT FURTHER MAKES HIM THE VICTIM. IT WENT WRONG BECAUSE WE CAN’T
IT WENT WRONG BECAUSE WE CAN’T POSSIBLY DEAL WITH CRISIS A, B
POSSIBLY DEAL WITH CRISIS A, B AND C BECAUSE 81-PLUS REQUESTS
AND C BECAUSE 81-PLUS REQUESTS HAVE COME OUR WAY.
HAVE COME OUR WAY. IN SOME WAYS THAT MAY HAVE BEEN
IN SOME WAYS THAT MAY HAVE BEEN A STRATEGIC MISFIRE ON THE PART
A STRATEGIC MISFIRE ON THE PART OF NADLER.
OF NADLER. ALEXANDER KNICKS, FORMER HEAD OF
ALEXANDER KNICKS, FORMER HEAD OF CAMBRIDGE AND LIT KA, VERY
CAMBRIDGE AND LIT KA, VERY INTERESTED TO HEAR WHAT WHO
INTERESTED TO HEAR WHAT WHO KNOWS, WHAT HIS ROLE WAS WITH
KNOWS, WHAT HIS ROLE WAS WITH THE CAMPAIGN, ANY ROLE HE MAY
THE CAMPAIGN, ANY ROLE HE MAY HAVE HAD IN ANY POTENTIAL
HAVE HAD IN ANY POTENTIAL ALLEGED COLLUSION.
ALLEGED COLLUSION. ABOUT THERE ARE OTHERS ON THAT
ABOUT THERE ARE OTHERS ON THAT LIST ARE JUST ABOUT MAKING THE
LIST ARE JUST ABOUT MAKING THE PRESIDENT LOOK BAD.
PRESIDENT LOOK BAD. >> TO KRISTEN’S POINT, WE PUT UP
>> TO KRISTEN’S POINT, WE PUT UP A TWEET FROM DAVID AXELROD.
A TWEET FROM DAVID AXELROD. HE WROTE "MAYBE I’M MISSING
HE WROTE "MAYBE I’M MISSING SOMETHING BUT THE HAZARD OF AN
SOMETHING BUT THE HAZARD OF AN OMNIBUS DOCUMENT DEMAND BY HOUSE
OMNIBUS DOCUMENT DEMAND BY HOUSE JUDICIARY VERSUS DISCRETE,
JUDICIARY VERSUS DISCRETE, SERIAL ONES IS THAT HOWEVER WILL
SERIAL ONES IS THAT HOWEVER WILL THE THE AREAS OF INQUIRY, THE
THE THE AREAS OF INQUIRY, THE WIDE-RANGING NATURE OF IT IS TOO
WIDE-RANGING NATURE OF IT IS TOO EASILY PLAYS INTO THE WITCH HUNT
EASILY PLAYS INTO THE WITCH HUNT MEME."
MEME." >> THE PRESIDENT WOULD DO THIS
>> THE PRESIDENT WOULD DO THIS EITHER WAY REGARDLESS OF HOW
EITHER WAY REGARDLESS OF HOW VALID THIS INQUIRY IS.
VALID THIS INQUIRY IS. FIRST OF ALL, THIS NUMBER 80
FIRST OF ALL, THIS NUMBER 80 PALES IN COMPARISON TO THE
PALES IN COMPARISON TO THE SENATE WHITEWATER INVESTIGATION
SENATE WHITEWATER INVESTIGATION DURING THE CLINTON
DURING THE CLINTON ADMINISTRATION IN WHICH THE
ADMINISTRATION IN WHICH THE REPUBLICANS ISSUED 1,285
REPUBLICANS ISSUED 1,285 SUBPOENAS TO THE CLINTON WHITE
SUBPOENAS TO THE CLINTON WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. SO COMPARING 80 DOCUMENTS TO
SO COMPARING 80 DOCUMENTS TO 1,200, YOU KNOW, THAT SPEAKS FOR
1,200, YOU KNOW, THAT SPEAKS FOR ITSELF.
ITSELF. BUT THEN ALSO I THINK WE NEED TO
BUT THEN ALSO I THINK WE NEED TO LOOK AT THIS AS AN INSURANCE
LOOK AT THIS AS AN INSURANCE POLICY.
POLICY. THIS IS, YOU KNOW, THE MUELLER
THIS IS, YOU KNOW, THE MUELLER SCOPE INVESTIGATION HAS BEEN
SCOPE INVESTIGATION HAS BEEN PRETTY LIMITED AND AS ALEXANDRIA
PRETTY LIMITED AND AS ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ SAID YESTERDAY,
OCASIO-CORTEZ SAID YESTERDAY, THIS IS REALLY ABOUT THE
THIS IS REALLY ABOUT THE PRESIDENT’S TAX RETURNS AND HIS
PRESIDENT’S TAX RETURNS AND HIS POTENTIAL TIES TO FOREIGN
POTENTIAL TIES TO FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS AND WHETHER OR NOT
GOVERNMENTS AND WHETHER OR NOT THEY HAVE LEVERAGE OVER THE
THEY HAVE LEVERAGE OVER THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION. AND THEN, YOU KNOW, I THINK
AND THEN, YOU KNOW, I THINK LASTLY THIS, YOU KNOW, THIS
LASTLY THIS, YOU KNOW, THIS SHOULD BE VIEWED AS, AGAIN, AN
SHOULD BE VIEWED AS, AGAIN, AN INSURANCE POLICY AND EVERY
INSURANCE POLICY AND EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THESE PEOPLE WHO
SINGLE ONE OF THESE PEOPLE WHO NADLER HAS REQUESTED DOCUMENTS
NADLER HAS REQUESTED DOCUMENTS FROM IS ALREADY INVOLVED IN THE
FROM IS ALREADY INVOLVED IN THE FEDERAL PROBE OF THE SOUTHERN
FEDERAL PROBE OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK OR THE
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK OR THE MUELLER PROBE AND HAS ALREADY
MUELLER PROBE AND HAS ALREADY BEEN REACHED OUT TO.
BEEN REACHED OUT TO. THESE ARE PEOPLE WHO ARE ALREADY
THESE ARE PEOPLE WHO ARE ALREADY IT AND
IT AND CONNECTED.
CONNECTED. >> THE HEADS OF THE HOUSE
>> THE HEADS OF THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE, FOREIGN AFFAIRS
INTELLIGENCE, FOREIGN AFFAIRS AND OVERSIGHT COMMITTEES HAVE
AND OVERSIGHT COMMITTEES HAVE SENT LETTERS TO WHITE HOUSE
SENT LETTERS TO WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF MICK MULVANEY AND
CHIEF OF STAFF MICK MULVANEY AND SECRETARY OF STATE MIKE POMPEO
SECRETARY OF STATE MIKE POMPEO REQUESTING A TROVE OF DOCUMENTS
REQUESTING A TROVE OF DOCUMENTS AND ASKING THE TRANSLATORS
AND ASKING THE TRANSLATORS PRESENT FOR THE MEETINGS AND
PRESENT FOR THE MEETINGS AND CALLS BE MADE AVAILABLE FOR
CALLS BE MADE AVAILABLE FOR INTERVIEWS WITH THEIR
INTERVIEWS WITH THEIR COMMITTEES.
COMMITTEES. IT CITES MEDIA REPORTS THAT THE
IT CITES MEDIA REPORTS THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS TAKEN STEPS TO
PRESIDENT HAS TAKEN STEPS TO SEIZE CONTROL OVER THE MEETINGS
SEIZE CONTROL OVER THE MEETINGS AND WHAT THE TWO MEN DISCUSSED.
AND WHAT THE TWO MEN DISCUSSED. "ON FEBRUARY 21, 2019 WE WROTE A
"ON FEBRUARY 21, 2019 WE WROTE A JOINT LETTER TO YOU REQUESTING
JOINT LETTER TO YOU REQUESTING BASIC INFORMATION ABOUT WHETHER
BASIC INFORMATION ABOUT WHETHER THE PRESIDENT IN FACT DESTROYED
THE PRESIDENT IN FACT DESTROYED RECORDS RELATING TO HIS
RECORDS RELATING TO HIS CONVERSATIONS WITH PRESIDENT
CONVERSATIONS WITH PRESIDENT PUTIN IN VIOLATION OF THE
PUTIN IN VIOLATION OF THE PRESIDENTIAL RECORDS ACT OR IF
PRESIDENTIAL RECORDS ACT OR IF HE DID NOT, WHERE ARE THOSE
HE DID NOT, WHERE ARE THOSE RECORDS LOCATED?"
RECORDS LOCATED?" THIS IS A COORDINATED EFFORT BY
THIS IS A COORDINATED EFFORT BY SIX OR SEVEN COMMITTEES LED BY
SIX OR SEVEN COMMITTEES LED BY DEMOCRATS.
DEMOCRATS. >> THEY WANTED THE INFORMATION
>> THEY WANTED THE INFORMATION ABOUT THESE MEETINGS SINCE WHEN
ABOUT THESE MEETINGS SINCE WHEN THIS HAPPENED.
THIS HAPPENED. WE STILL DON’T KNOW WHAT
WE STILL DON’T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED IN THE MEETING BETWEEN
HAPPENED IN THE MEETING BETWEEN TRUMP AND PUTIN IN HELSINKI WHEN
TRUMP AND PUTIN IN HELSINKI WHEN THEY MET FOR TWO HOURS.
THEY MET FOR TWO HOURS. THIS IS GOING TO BE THE BACK
THIS IS GOING TO BE THE BACK DROP FOR THE NEXT TWO YEARS.
DROP FOR THE NEXT TWO YEARS. THIS IS THE BACK DROP OF THE
THIS IS THE BACK DROP OF THE CAMPAIGN, OF HIS REELECTION BID.
CAMPAIGN, OF HIS REELECTION BID. ON THE ONE HAND THEY’RE GOING TO
ON THE ONE HAND THEY’RE GOING TO BE UNDER SIEGE, THAT IS GOING TO
BE UNDER SIEGE, THAT IS GOING TO BE TOUGH TO SORT OF MOUNT ANY
BE TOUGH TO SORT OF MOUNT ANY SORT OF POSITIVE MESSAGE FROM
SORT OF POSITIVE MESSAGE FROM THIS WHITE HOUSE WHEN THIS IS
THIS WHITE HOUSE WHEN THIS IS HAPPENING, BUT AT THE SAME TIME,
HAPPENING, BUT AT THE SAME TIME, THIS ALLOWS HIM TO CLAIM, AS WE
THIS ALLOWS HIM TO CLAIM, AS WE HAVE SEEN, PRESIDENTIAL
HAVE SEEN, PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT.
HARASSMENT. THAT’S HIS NEW TWITTER TROPE.
THAT’S HIS NEW TWITTER TROPE. HE’S GOING TO SAY WE’RE UNDER
HE’S GOING TO SAY WE’RE UNDER ATTACK AND THE IDEA OF
ATTACK AND THE IDEA OF GOVERNMENT OVERREACH, DEMOCRATIC
GOVERNMENT OVERREACH, DEMOCRATIC OVERREACH, IS GOING TO BE THE
OVERREACH, IS GOING TO BE THE THEME DAY TO DAY.
THEME DAY TO DAY. I’M THE VICTIM HERE AND IF YOU
I’M THE VICTIM HERE AND IF YOU WANT THE GOVERNMENT TO WORK, YOU
WANT THE GOVERNMENT TO WORK, YOU KNOW, COME BACK TO ME, DOESN’T
KNOW, COME BACK TO ME, DOESN’T GIVE THEM THIS POWER.
GIVE THEM THIS POWER. >>WOO HAVEN’T
>>WOO HAVEN’T >> WE HAVEN’T MENTIONED IT THIS
>> WE HAVEN’T MENTIONED IT THIS MORNING AND NOT A LOT OF MEDIA
MORNING AND NOT A LOT OF MEDIA ATTENTION HAS BEEN FOCUSSED ON
ATTENTION HAS BEEN FOCUSSED ON IT BUT ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT
IT BUT ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT INVESTIGATIONS IS GOING ON AND
INVESTIGATIONS IS GOING ON AND IT’S GOING OVER THE PRESIDENT’S
IT’S GOING OVER THE PRESIDENT’S TAX RETURNS AND IF THEY GET THE
TAX RETURNS AND IF THEY GET THE TAX RETURNS, THAT OPENS UP A
TAX RETURNS, THAT OPENS UP A WHOLE, WHOLE NEW AREA OF
WHOLE, WHOLE NEW AREA OF INVESTIGATION WHICH WOULD TRULY
INVESTIGATION WHICH WOULD TRULY INTEREST LARGE PORTIONS OF THE
INTEREST LARGE PORTIONS OF THE AMERICAN PUBLIC, WITHOUT REGARD
AMERICAN PUBLIC, WITHOUT REGARD TO IDEOLOGY.
TO IDEOLOGY. >> THAT’S ONE OF THE HOLY GRAILS
>> THAT’S ONE OF THE HOLY GRAILS OF DEMOCRATS, IF WE GET IN WE
OF DEMOCRATS, IF WE GET IN WE CAN SUBPOENA THE TAX RETURNS.
CAN SUBPOENA THE TAX RETURNS. >> WE’RE TALKING ABOUT TAX
>> WE’RE TALKING ABOUT TAX RETURNS LIKE IT’S COMPLETELY
RETURNS LIKE IT’S COMPLETELY ABNORMAL FOR PRESIDENTS TO PUT
ABNORMAL FOR PRESIDENTS TO PUT FORWARD THEIR TAX RETURNS, WHICH
FORWARD THEIR TAX RETURNS, WHICH PRESIDENT HAVES HAVE BEEN DOING
PRESIDENT HAVES HAVE BEEN DOING LONG TIME.
LONG TIME. HE’S GGT TOOING TO CALL THIS A W
HE’S GGT TOOING TO CALL THIS A W HUNT NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO.
HUNT NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO. ALL OF THESE THINGS TOGETHER ARE
ALL OF THESE THINGS TOGETHER ARE JUST GOING TO OVERWHELM THE
JUST GOING TO OVERWHELM THE WHITE HOUSE BECAUSE THEY DON’T
WHITE HOUSE BECAUSE THEY DON’T HAVE A PROCESS FOR DEALING WITH
HAVE A PROCESS FOR DEALING WITH ANY OF THIS STUFF.
ANY OF THIS STUFF. I THINK ONE OF THE THINGS THAT’S
I THINK ONE OF THE THINGS THAT’S INTERESTING HERE IS THE CALL TO
INTERESTING HERE IS THE CALL TO BRING IN THE TRANSLATORS, WHICH
BRING IN THE TRANSLATORS, WHICH I THINK REALLY SHOWS THAT THE
I THINK REALLY SHOWS THAT THE FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE IN
FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE IN PARTICULAR HAS SAID, YOU KNOW,
PARTICULAR HAS SAID, YOU KNOW, WE’VE REALLY HAD ENOUGH OF THIS,
WE’VE REALLY HAD ENOUGH OF THIS, THIS IS NOW GOING TO BE HARD
THIS IS NOW GOING TO BE HARD BALL TO START CALLING IN PEOPLE
BALL TO START CALLING IN PEOPLE THAT NORMALLY ARE LIKE KIND OF A
THAT NORMALLY ARE LIKE KIND OF A PRIVILEGED RELATIONSHIP BECAUSE
PRIVILEGED RELATIONSHIP BECAUSE PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW THESE
PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW THESE THINGS.
THINGS. I’M A FAN OF SECRECY IN FOREIGN
I’M A FAN OF SECRECY IN FOREIGN POLICY, BUT SOMEBODY IN
POLICY, BUT SOMEBODY IN CONGRESS, SOMEWHERE IN THE
CONGRESS, SOMEWHERE IN THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE, SOMEONE
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE, SOMEONE NEEDS TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED WITH
NEEDS TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED WITH THE PRESIDENT, WITH THE
THE PRESIDENT, WITH THE RUSSIANS, WITH HELSINKI, WITH
RUSSIANS, WITH HELSINKI, WITH HIS FINANCES.
HIS FINANCES. THIS IS THE NORMAL BUSINESS OF
THIS IS THE NORMAL BUSINESS OF GOVERNMENT THAT HAS TO GET DONE
GOVERNMENT THAT HAS TO GET DONE NOW AND THE WHITE HOUSE JUST
NOW AND THE WHITE HOUSE JUST ISN’T READY FOR IT.
ISN’T READY FOR IT. >> KRISTEN, I THINK SOME PEOPLE
>> KRISTEN, I THINK SOME PEOPLE WHO LOOK AT THIS BUT MANY
WHO LOOK AT THIS BUT MANY AMERICANS WILL SAY MY GOSH,
AMERICANS WILL SAY MY GOSH, WE’VE GOT THE MUELLER
WE’VE GOT THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION, THE HOUSE INTEL,
INVESTIGATION, THE HOUSE INTEL, THE SENATE INTEL, THE SOUTHERN
THE SENATE INTEL, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK IS LOOKING
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK IS LOOKING INTO THE BUSINESS SIDE OF THIS.
INTO THE BUSINESS SIDE OF THIS. DO WE REALLY NEED ANOTHER TWO
DO WE REALLY NEED ANOTHER TWO YEARS OF INVESTIGATION OF DONALD
YEARS OF INVESTIGATION OF DONALD TRUMP TO OVERLAY WHAT’S ALREADY
TRUMP TO OVERLAY WHAT’S ALREADY THERE?
THERE? >> TO THE POINT THAT YOU MADE,
>> TO THE POINT THAT YOU MADE, TOM, AND THAT JACKIE MADE,
TOM, AND THAT JACKIE MADE, DONALD TRUMP IS GOING TO SAY
DONALD TRUMP IS GOING TO SAY THIS IS A WITCH HUNT NO MATTER
THIS IS A WITCH HUNT NO MATTER WHAT, BUT I THINK THE BREADTH OF
WHAT, BUT I THINK THE BREADTH OF WHAT IS BEING INVESTIGATED AND
WHAT IS BEING INVESTIGATED AND THE NUMBER OF INVESTIGATIONS
THE NUMBER OF INVESTIGATIONS MEANS THAT YOUR MEDIAN SWING
MEANS THAT YOUR MEDIAN SWING VOERS ARE LIKELY TO BELIEVE
VOERS ARE LIKELY TO BELIEVE DONALD TRUMP WHEN HE SAYS IT
DONALD TRUMP WHEN HE SAYS IT RATHER THAN JUST HIS BASE.
RATHER THAN JUST HIS BASE. BY GIVING HIM ALE WILL MORE ROOM
BY GIVING HIM ALE WILL MORE ROOM TO MACK THAT ARGUMENT AND BE
TO MACK THAT ARGUMENT AND BE CREDIBLE TO MORE PEOPLE, I THINK
CREDIBLE TO MORE PEOPLE, I THINK IT IS HELPING THE CHANCE HE GETS
IT IS HELPING THE CHANCE HE GETS RE-ELECTED, THAT IT’S HARMING
RE-ELECTED, THAT IT’S HARMING THE CHANCES OF ANY REAL FINDINGS
THE CHANCES OF ANY REAL FINDINGS OF THIS INVESTIGATION TO BE
OF THIS INVESTIGATION TO BE VIEWED AS THIS WAS JUST THE
VIEWED AS THIS WAS JUST THE LEGAL PROCESS TAKING ITS COURSE,
LEGAL PROCESS TAKING ITS COURSE, THIS IS JUST OVERSIGHT AT WORK,
THIS IS JUST OVERSIGHT AT WORK, WHICH I THINK IN SOME WAYS IT
WHICH I THINK IN SOME WAYS IT MAKES IT HARDER FOR SOMEONE LIKE
MAKES IT HARDER FOR SOMEONE LIKE A BOB MUELLER.
A BOB MUELLER. LET’S SAY HE FINDS SOMETHING
LET’S SAY HE FINDS SOMETHING PRETTY SERIOUS.
PRETTY SERIOUS. IF IT IS ONE OF A PANOPLY OF
IF IT IS ONE OF A PANOPLY OF DIFFERENT INVESTIGATIONS AND
DIFFERENT INVESTIGATIONS AND TRUMP HAS MORE CREDIBILITY WITH
TRUMP HAS MORE CREDIBILITY WITH VOTERS WHEN HE SAYS THIS IS A
VOTERS WHEN HE SAYS THIS IS A WITCH HUNT, I THINK THAT WOULD
WITCH HUNT, I THINK THAT WOULD BE REALLY UNFORTUNATE.
BE REALLY UNFORTUNATE. IF BOB MUELLER FINDS SOMETHING
IF BOB MUELLER FINDS SOMETHING SERIOUS AND TRUMP IS ABLE TO
SERIOUS AND TRUMP IS ABLE TO WAVE IT AWAY AND ENHANCED BY HIS
WAVE IT AWAY AND ENHANCED BY HIS ABILITY TO DO SO BY THE FACT YOU
ABILITY TO DO SO BY THE FACT YOU HAD 81 DIFFERENT PEOPLE TRYING
HAD 81 DIFFERENT PEOPLE TRYING TO DIG INTO EVERY DEAL TRUMP
TO DIG INTO EVERY DEAL TRUMP EVER MADE, IT GIVES HIM MORE
EVER MADE, IT GIVES HIM MORE CREDIBILITY WHEN HE SAYS HE’S
CREDIBILITY WHEN HE SAYS HE’S THE VICTIM.
THE VICTIM. >> I DON’T DISAGREE WITH WHAT
>> I DON’T DISAGREE WITH WHAT YOU SAID BUT YOU GET BACK TO A
YOU SAID BUT YOU GET BACK TO A BASIC QUESTION, THE REASON FOR
BASIC QUESTION, THE REASON FOR ALL THESE INVESTIGATIONS --
ALL THESE INVESTIGATIONS -- DONALD TRUMP J. TRUMP’S FAMILY
DONALD TRUMP J. TRUMP’S FAMILY CRIMINALITY OVER THE SCOPE OF
CRIMINALITY OVER THE SCOPE OF DECADES.
DECADES. YOU COULD START HERE IN NEW YORK
YOU COULD START HERE IN NEW YORK WITH RENTALS AND BUILDINGS.
WITH RENTALS AND BUILDINGS. NOW IT BUILDS UP HE’S PRESIDENT
NOW IT BUILDS UP HE’S PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SCOPE OF POTENTIAL
THE SCOPE OF POTENTIAL CRIMINALITY IN THIS THING IS
CRIMINALITY IN THIS THING IS UNHEARD OF IN A SITTING
UNHEARD OF IN A SITTING PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. TO YOUR OTHER POINT, I
TO YOUR OTHER POINT, I ABSOLUTELY AGREE WITH YOU.
ABSOLUTELY AGREE WITH YOU. BY HIM DOING THIS EVERY DAY,
BY HIM DOING THIS EVERY DAY, WITCH HUNT, NO COLLUSION, EVERY
WITCH HUNT, NO COLLUSION, EVERY DAY, MULTIPLE TIMES A DAY, THE
DAY, MULTIPLE TIMES A DAY, THE PUBLIC OUT THERE IS JUST
PUBLIC OUT THERE IS JUST EXHAUSTED FROM ALL OF THIS AND
EXHAUSTED FROM ALL OF THIS AND IS TOO BUSY AND TOO CONSUMED
IS TOO BUSY AND TOO CONSUMED WITH ENOUGH IS ENOUGH TO FOCUS
WITH ENOUGH IS ENOUGH TO FOCUS ON THE CRIMINALITY.
ON THE CRIMINALITY. BUT THE PUBLIC WILL.
BUT THE PUBLIC WILL. >> AND IT SPEAKS TO THE BIND
>> AND IT SPEAKS TO THE BIND DEMOCRATS ARE IN.
DEMOCRATS ARE IN. ALREADY WE KNOW THEY’RE TRYING
ALREADY WE KNOW THEY’RE TRYING TO TAMP DOWN THE IDEA OF
TO TAMP DOWN THE IDEA OF IMPEACHMENT BECAUSE THEY FEEL
IMPEACHMENT BECAUSE THEY FEEL LIKE THAT WOULD BE OVERREACH.
LIKE THAT WOULD BE OVERREACH. SUDDENLY IF INVESTIGATION